In this exercise, you'll be asked to create and run
a lambda function and then monitor it with CloudWatch metrics.
Let's take a look at how to create and run a lambda function.
In the lambda service, we create function,
we can author it from scratch,
we give our function a name,
we can pick our runtime.
For this example, it doesn't make a whole lot of difference.
If you're comfortable with the language,
you can feel free to do that.
We'll just use node,
and then we create the function.
Once our function is created,
what we want to do is configure a test event.
As we look and see,
a newly created lambda function will have some boilerplate code.
That doesn't really do much.
It will print out a log message, and that's all it does.
That's all we need to do in this exercise.
What we want to do now is actually invoke the lambda function.
We can do this through the lambda user interface.
To do this, we have to set up a test event.
We click this drop down next to the test button,
see the configure test events.
Doesn't make a whole lot of difference.
What we put in that, this would be the data that's passed into our lambda.
Again, because we have a boilerplate lambda that's not actually doing any work,
it doesn't really matter what we put here.
Let's just name it and then we'll save this test event.
Once we do that, we can see that the name that we provided is in the drop-down.
Then all we have to do is simply click the test button.
We'll see that the lambda user interface will tell us that the execution was successful.
This is now run the lambda function one time.
If we keep clicking on the test button,
it will just keep invoking the lambda function.
For the exercise, you'll want to run the lambda several times,
give it a few minutes to let the logs and metrics actually propagate,
and then you want to head over to CloudWatch and look for the metrics there. Good luck.